Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solved-linkedlist-list-iterator
<br>
The Assignment 10 class displays a menu of choices to a userand performs the chosen task. It will keep asking a user to enter the next choice until the choice of ‘Q’ (Quit) is entered. create a linked list to be used in this method. create a BufferedReader object to read input from a keyboard check if a user entered only one character Add a few of the specified object at the beginning of the linked list Check if the list is empty Search for a String at an Index Set String List Strings Search and Remove Display Menu A linked list is a sequence of nodes with efficient element insertion and removal. This class contains a subset of the methods of the standard java.util.LinkedList class. nested class to represent a node.| Constructs an empty linked list.| Returns the first element in the linked list.| Removes the first element in the linked list.| Adds an element to the front of the linked list.| Returns an iterator for iterating through this list.| Add all of the elements to a string and return the result|get the object at the given index and return the object as a string|set the given index to element|add the given element at the given index|add the element to the list for the given number of times|nested class to define its iterator|Constructs an iterator that points to the front of the linked list.| Tests if there is an element after the iterator position.| Moves the iterator past the next element, and returns the traversed element’s data.| Adds an element before the iterator position and moves the iterator past the inserted element.| Removes the last traversed element. This method may only be called after a call to the next() method.| Sets the last traversed element to a different value. The ListIterator interface allows access of a position in a linked list. This interface contains a subset of the methods of the standard java.util.ListIterator interface. The methods for backward traversal are not included.| Moves the iterator past the next element.| Tests if there is an element after the iterator position.| Adds an element before the iterator position and moves the iterator past the inserted element.| Removes the last traversed element. This method may only be called after a call to the next() method.| Sets the last traversed element to a different value.